K8s (#1101)
brimsec/zq: k8s/README.md

# Deploying the ZQ daemon in a Kubernetes cluster

> This describes a procedure for deploying the ZQ daemon that you can connect to remotely with Brim. This is useful for when you are running Brim on a machine that need to access large log files that are in the data center where you are running the ZQ daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This describes a procedure for deploying the ZQD service that you can connect to remotely with Brim. This is useful for when you are running Brim on a machine that need to access large log files that are in the data center where you are running the ZQD service.
```
